c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\KendoUIApp4.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\KendoUIApp4.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\KendoUIApp4.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\obj\Debug\KendoUIApp4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\obj\Debug\KendoUIApp4.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KendoUIApp4\KendoUIApp4\obj\Debug\KendoUIApp4.pdb
